
---
title: 2020-08-29
toc: 2020-08-29
data: 2020-08-29 23:00:00
tags: diary
---


# 2020-08-29

## Dream

Blue birds: I heard a really amazing song, but can't find it when I wake up. I only remember the album contains the key words "Blue birds".

Watermelon: try to keep balance between 3 watermelons, they hang separately in mid-air in a funny pattern. Failed, smash!

Immortal: After I smashed the three watermelon, a wise man tell me the bodies are like the watermelon, sooner or later they will rot. But there is something transcendent in this world, which watermelon can still exist after it's rotten. And the purpose of man is to seek those transcendent things.

Swimming pool: Swimming without trunks, and panties disappeared. But I don't care, because I know it's a dream

## Chen Guangcheng

叼盘搁这儿反串高级黑呢？他不说陈律师根本没人在意，也不控评，慥樊啊？

One interesting things about Chen's wiki pages:

> Chen also solicited the help of prominent legal scholar [Teng Biao](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Teng_Biao), who conducted his own interviews in Linyi. Teng and Chen later released a report claiming that an estimated 130,000 residents in the city had been forced into 'study sessions' for refusing abortions or violating the one-child policy; residents would be held for days or weeks in the **study sessions**, and were allegedly beaten.[[15\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chen_Guangcheng#cite_note-15)

Why they like **study sessions** so much?

And the most funny things is that:

> After his release from prison in 2010, Chen was placed under [house arrest](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/House_arrest) against Chinese law, and was closely monitored by security forces. Legally, he was proclaimed by the government to be a free man, but in reality the local government offered no explanation for the hundreds of unidentified agents monitoring his house and preventing visitors or escape. The national propaganda organ, the *[Global Times](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_Times)*, expressed confusion over the issue, and suggested that the local government may not know how to handle it, but no disciplinary action was taken at the national level.[[32\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chen_Guangcheng#cite_note-32)
>
> Global Times 这事儿不就ni你叼主编当年报道的嘛？？
>

## Resolution algorithm

Oh fuck, all those things can't be learned at once.

Forget it every time I need to use them.

"But this should be the fucking simplest things in discrete math!" Every time I relearnt it.



