
---
title: 2020-07-02
toc: 2020-07-02
data: 2020-07-02 23:00:00
tags: diary
---


# 2020-07-02

## One deams

Caught by parents shooting porn ( as a photographer, not actor ), Given an hour to figure out 10 excuses, failed.

## Jean Sibelius Essentials

> Few composers celebrated their homeland as passionately and powerfully as Jean Sibelius. His tone-poem Finlandia became an alternate Finnish national anthem, and his seven symphonies, written in a tonal and magnificently atmospheric language, take us on a searing voyage of the soul. From the Tchaikovskian first two, Sibelius refines and concentrates his language-passing through No. 5with shattering power-to the short and intense No. 7.As well as shorter orchestral works, Sibelius is equally famed for his technically challenging Violin Concerto.

I was listening this guys music in Apple Music random pick while I did my daily practice of running hand (WTF? Is there a better name? ), The elegant melody of his violin just moved me so much. 

You know one of my sister was a very excellent violinist when I was child, I almost grew up surrounded by those masterpieces ( There were some years our flat was sold and we live with her family ). However, I didn't know those composer's name, but I believe one of them must be  Jean Sibelius, because that sounds so familiar.

We all think that my sister will become an elegant and confident girl in the future, just like those most enviable "white rich pretty" internet celebrity.

Unfortunately, life is like a box of chocolate, you never know if you're gonna pick a shit, since they looked the same. 

The sudden family changes firstly caused her to say goodbye to a large amount of family wealth which ought to give her a noble-like life. What's worse, after my uncle was gone, my aunt, with intense hysteria (I guess) , almost destroyed my sister's robust personality with constant domestic violence. You can never imagine how dirty words can come out of an angry mother's mouth, It just insane. Not to mention some horrible physical cruelty. While I only realize those things is antihuman when  I moved to another big city because that is quit common in our places. 

The new father is a real coward which can't give her any help either inside the family or in business, being jobless for almost one year and constant failure from civil servant exam almost broke her spirit. The most fucking thing is that the people around her, especially her fiancé and fiancé's mother (mean and ignorant rural gossiper, who only think highly of people work in public system, which is, her baby civil servant son) always ridicule her consciously or unconsciously. You know people in that situation can be very sensitive and every Irrelevant words may be a direct harm to them.

My mother make a phone call to her last week which really hurt her, she cried and screamed for whole night. My aunt called back next day to blame my mother for adding fuel to the flames. Instead of making a sincerely apology for the hurt she have caused others, my mother chooses to cut off contact with my sister(She think her of a squeamish princes) , which is totally asshole.

My mother asked me whether I am going to be her wedding photographer few months later (they may want to save that money) . I rejected, but at that sudden I could almost foresee that kind of awful traditional wedding which all my brothers and sisters did( Except for one who works at the Foreign Ministry in Beijing, I was not privileged to be invited to Beijing ) Awkward emcee, dim hotel, drunk man with heavy smoke, totally aesthetic disaster. But all these things shouldn't happen, it should be a holy church of Bach and Tchaikovsky resounded, which only those truly decent gentlemen wearing formal dress will be invited. 

Fuck life!



## Takashi Yasui

Not so good, too must noise and contrast.

