# 2020-08-04

I find an issue about the OS X network management.

If your WIFI is completely off, everything is ok.

If your network is on, but the connectivity is shit, then some processes that are completely unrelated to the network will be blocked. 

For example, like this diary app I use every day. Under normal circumstances, if you don’t upload pictures, it does not need a network connection at all, but if you are under a weak connectivity, then it will get stuck when you open the app.

The same thing happens in Safari and Chrome, of course they are browsers, so this issue may just be a feature: Remind you that it is best not to open the browser when the connectivity is shit.

Of course,  I know exactly where the problem is, because when I was doing iOS programming, sometimes I need to manually perform asynchronous loading processing, and to optimize the programming experience of asynchronous network requests, is also  the most important upgrade of the Combine framework in recent years.



## Mr Pan's wife's PUA camp

Well, the thing is, in case if you don't know, there is camp that for producing massive number of Internet celebrities.

They had plastic surgery in the same hospital, taking pics in the same places, eat the same high-end food, used the same valuable bags, and packaged themselves into the same characters.

So these beautiful ladies can hunt some valuable husbands easily.

This is fully automated and based on resource sharing, which is silly, in my point of view...

Since your goal is already for high-end usage, and you still lack this little money for personalization? This is really what we said: Put the cart before the horse, or get sesame and lost watermelon.



But I think this is indeed a good business. It has a great prospect if it is industrialized. 

Right now, most beautiful ladies are all doing this kind of business fully on themselves. They have to learn the appreciation of luxury goods, high-end music, cultivate elegant taste, and the art of photography. 

This is quite strenuous, but it would be much easier if there was a company to help them to do those trivial works.















