
---
title: 2020-07-29
toc: 2020-07-29
data: 2020-07-29 23:00:00
tags: diary
---


# 2020-07-29

## Dream ( Freedom! )

As I constantly repeat the same dream again and again, my self-awareness in the dream has also become stronger and stronger.

This time I realize it is fake at very beginning of the dream, it is an old style of school dream.

I ask my desk-mate ( we are in a high school, but he is my primary school classmate ): Why you're fucking here? Your are so old now!

He: I'm here to prepare for the college entrance examination.

I: Bullshit! I've seen you last year in your collage, how do you explain that?

He: ( Point out his blue Porsche parked at the school gate ) Oh, that requires some skills...

I: So you're talking class on both side? Sounds reasonable......

Bullshit! The next class is PE! You have no reason to stay here, let's get out of here and try your new car!

And I shout to other student in the classroom: You are all fake! Don't stay here, just go out and play!

And we all getting out.

Like pigeons scared away by gunfire, everyone ran away in less than 1 second.

……

In the next few hours, we spent a wonderful time in a few non-existent stationery shops, model shops, milk-tea shops and  restaurants in a non-existent town. We talked about something we used to talk about, such as military equipment, art, and some celebrities’ scandals. 

This is just like Truman’s world. 

It has a milestone meaning for my struggle with my nightmares, because in this dream, which has been repeated hundreds of times since middle school, I have never escaped correctly, always been insulted by teachers and in the fear of not being able to do the question on the paper, and spend the whole dream in that fucking desk.

The last milestone was that before I went to primary school, I would often be dreamed of being hunted by monsters or bad guys. But few years later I also mastered the trick and I was able to escape very quick.

