---
title: 2020-07-09
toc: 2020-07-09
data: 2020-07-09 23:00:00
tags: diary
---


# 2020-07-09

## One dream

Boring dictation dream, actually I am afraid that I might confuse dreams with memories in the end.

## Nakayama Kyotaro

He is really good at dealing with blue sky...

## Ingenuity 

Found two design details that really touched me:

1. When I try to delete the Podcast that have been listened, I find they are already deleted automatically. So the whole process is almost automatic. After you subscribe to a Podcast, it will automatically download the latest one, and then you open it with Siri to listen to it. It's automatically deleted when you finished, and you don't need to spend any time to manage the list. So convenient!
2. I was doing my discrete math homework this morning. I usually code all the formula, but when it comes to drawing the relation map, apparently the traditional paper and pencil combination is more convenient. But transporting img is not, even with airdrop. So I thought if I could use the front facing camera of the Mac to do it. But I soon find all the text seems inverted from right to left（mirror image principle）, I am depressed, complained why Apple don't think about that, but when I shoot the map, something magical happened, the img automatically inversed! So convenient!

## Israel uses F-35 to blow up Iranian nuclear sites

NB!

F-35 awesome!

Nobody even know that, it just like a ghost, the whole series of antiaircraft missile（mainly S-300 series）just became dumb.

You know F-35 is not designed to be stealth-first, much worse than F-22 and B-2 (An order of magnitude behind)

## 如何看待中山大学老师王晓玮网课课堂直播微信与多人约pao？

OMG the list is up to number 10！

feast or famine！

Hand hands loud louds！

> 现在我越来越相信一句话，强者啥都强。发的了论文，拿的到项目，白天瞎jb忙，晚上jb瞎忙。可怜的我白天没啥吊事，晚上x也没事。教师和教师的差距比狗还大。唉，说多了都是泪，最近一篇论文写完了才发现有重大错误，继续想去了。
>
> From: https://www.zhihu.com/question/405274250/answer/1326683674

