---
title: 2020-08-05
toc: 2020-08-05
data: 2020-08-05 23:00:00
tags: diary
---


# 2020-08-05

## Quit the internet!

I made a decision.

I uninstalled Weibo, cleared the browser history, and deleted the bookmarks for Zhihu, Douban and Bilibili.

For a long time, I always despise those people who use Tik Tok and those who play poor quality games (Yes, I mean Honor of Kings ).

I think they are just dominated by the recommendation algorithm of those companies or get stuck in the dopamine games caused by those garbage language.

Those garbage language, whether about "女权" or "内卷" are just like masturbation, you feel good when you empathize with them, but you end up getting nothing after it.

If I continue to browse those garbage on the above three platforms, what the hell is the difference between me and those people who I despised?

I obviously have more important things to do. I have so many good books that I haven’t read, and so many good movies that I haven’t watched. Why should I waste time on that? After all, I, exactly like those who I despised, are dominated by our dopamine secretion mechanism.

I have always believed that these addictive things are the same, and drug use is just one of the hardest to get rid of.

The next few days will be very difficult, see if I can hold on for a few days.

……

Of course, this certainly does not mean that I quit the entire internet, especially when I am still taking several online classes at BiliBili.

I just stopped browsing posts aimlessly from the above three platforms, of which I spent the most time browsing garbage.

I will continue to write a diary everyday and send it to Douban through an automatic publishing shell script. But after I posted it, I just let it go. One of the abnormalities of Douban review system is that machine review is only an efficiency strategy. All content will eventually be manually reviewed. Some posts will be picked out by manual review and then deleted even after a few months.

## DBMS

> I am new to DBMSs and I am still learning the theory. I am getting really confused with this key business and after googling I have narrowed it down to just 2 keys I don't get (primary and super key).
>
> \> As a database developer/designer of 30 years experience, I had never even heard the term *Super Key* until I saw this question, and looked it up. The concept of Super Key seems more germane to the topic of performance and Physical Schema design as it directly maps to the concept of a *unique nonclustered index* with additional columns for improved query covering.
>
> answered Jul 20 '14 at 13:41
>
> [Pieter Geerkens](https://dba.stackexchange.com/users/20682/pieter-geerkens)
>
> **1,720**99 silver badges1717 bronze badges
>
> \> \> This is quite inaccurate. You are using superkey, CK & PK in place of proper superkey, superkey & CK. A superkey is a UNIQUE set. (A CK is a "minimal" superkey. There is no notion of "minimal CK". Every CK is a superkey. So a superkey does not have to have more columns than a CK. A PK is a CK one calls the PK. If it had to be a "minimal CK" then "minimal" would have to mean "arbitrary".) SQL PK & UNIQUE NOT NULL declare superkeys. (An SQL PK might or might not be a PK.) Superkeys are critical to the definition of CK, which is critical to design including normalization. See my answer. – [philipxy](https://dba.stackexchange.com/users/43932/philipxy) [Jul 25 '17 at 9:10](https://dba.stackexchange.com/questions/71924/what-is-the-difference-between-primary-key-and-super-key-in-dbms#comment350567_71926)

Holy shit, 30 years experience, how did he get the job?

## Dream

Having dinner with my father.

F: Oh, I admire Mr XIE, he makes ten million RNB a year! How did he achieve it.

I: Well, earning so much money in China may sacrifice some morality...

F: Bullshit! He did decent business. I don't expect you to earn that much money, I only hope you can have a decent job to support your family.

I: Well, that is a truly serious problems, speaking of decent...

……



## Conclusion

After a day of implementing "quitting the internet", It's not so difficult to do than I previously thought.

I almost browsed ZhiHu by accident for a while, but I quickly stopped myself.

What makes me feel uncomfortable is the boring feeling of spending the sudden large period of blank time.

I even started to exercise again.

I am not as enthusiastic about reading serious content than I thought...







