# 2020-07-15

## Dreams

Travel to some where, watch TV with my grandparents.

……

In reality, this will never happen. I don't know how they will ever understand this strange world (from TV), from MAO time all the way to this age of entertained to death. Maybe I should go back to see them, or how lonely their lives must be.

My grandmother often taught me how to kill time since I was a child. Unlike today, where time is so tight that there is never enough of it, the problem most people face in that small city is that they actually have too much free time and don't know what to do.



The solution is mainly Mahjong, cards, sweaters, gambling, Various kinds of chess…… 

After those adults moved to big cities, they still played with those things. 

## Bootstrap 4

Finished learning.

Well, I actually get the wrong order, I should learn jQuery and Ajax first...

Now I can easily build beautiful responsive web page, but still can't get the data flow from back end.

Can't find decent English tutorial about Ajax and jQuery on bilibili, by the way, I hate Chinese training class video, those sound just like pyramid selling! Terrible! If you go to watch an English training course. You will think your teacher is a very energetic geek, while you listen to Chinese training courses, you will either think your teacher is a MLM champion. Or that industry ecosystem has no dignity at all.

## Key repeated

> Are you scrolling and cursor-positioning by holding down the arrow keys and relying on automatic key repeat? If so, then the problem may simply be your key repeat rate. You can adjust that in the Keyboard panel of System Preferences.



Oh fuck! I finally understand way my Terminal on MacOS is so sticky and slow: the default key repeated and the Delay Until Repeat in the sys is set to "middle" and "slow", and it is really fucking slow!!!

Now I set to the "high" and "very fast", and it feels so smooooooooooooooooth!!!


